README.md, before:

<!-- statamic:hide -->

![Banner](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/doublethreedigital/sc-starter-kit/master/banner.png)

## Simle Commerce Starter Kit

<!-- /statamic:hide -->

<!-- /statamic:hide -->

This starter kit is the recommended starting place for creating Simple Commerce sites. It includes a minimal, boilerplate design which demonstrates most of the features and functionality Simple Commerce has to offer. You're free to make any changes you want, even redesign the whole front-end to build what you need to build.

This repository contains the source code for the starter kit. However, to use Simple Commerce in production, please remember to [purchase a Simple Commerce license](https://statamic.com/simple-commerce).

## Features

* Minimal design
* Step by step checkout process
* Built with TailwindCSS and Alpine.js
* Demonstrates Simple Commerce functionality
* Supports both standalone and variant products
* Includes basic product filtering

## Quick Start

1. Create site & install dependencies

```
git clone git@github.com:doublethreedigital/simple-commerce-starter.git bobs-sweet-shop
cd bobs-sweet-shop
rm -rf .git
composer install
cp .env.example .env && php artisan key:generate
npm install && npm run dev
```

2. Publish Simple Commerce's vendor assets. This will publish Simple Commerce's Control Panel assets and translations.

```
php artisan vendor:publish --provider="DoubleThreeDigital\SimpleCommerce\ServiceProvider"
```

3. Create your first user

```
php please make:user
```

4. Get Started!

## Build Process

This starter kit uses [Laravel Mix](https://laravel.com/docs/master/mix) to build & compile assets. Out of the box, it ships with one stylesheet and one JavaScript file.

* `resources/css/site.css` -> `public/css/site.css`
* `resources/js/site.js` -> `public/js/site.js`

There's also a few commands you can run to compile your assets for various environments.

* `npm run dev` - to compile your assets locally
* `npm run watch` - to compile your assets locally and start a watcher looking out for file changes
* `npm run production` - to compile and minify your assets, ready for production

You can of course customise this setup however you want.

---

For more information on using Simple Commerce, please [review the documentation](https://sc-docs.doublethree.digital).

Commit message:

Bring the readme up to the 21st century
aka. update it for use with the new starter kit stuff

README.md, after:

<!-- statamic:hide -->

![Banner](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/doublethreedigital/sc-starter-kit/master/banner.png)

## Simple Commerce Starter Kit

<!-- /statamic:hide -->

This starter kit is the recommended starting ground for creating new Simle Commerce sites or playing around with Simple Commerce for the first time.

It includes a minimal boilerplate design which aims to demonstrate most of the functionality available with Simple Commerce. Feel free to change it as much as you want, redesign the whole thing if you want. Also, feel free to just take snippets of code and pop them in your own project. The source code is available on [GitHub](https://github.com/doublethreedigital/sc-starter-kit).

Before using Simple Commerce in production, please remember to [purchase a Simple Commerce license](https://statamic.com/simple-commerce), from the Statamic Marketplace.

## Features

* Minimal design
* Step by step checkout process
* Built with TailwindCSS and Alpine.js
* Demonstrates Simple Commerce functionality
* Supports both standalone and variant products
* Includes basic product filtering

## Quick Start

### 1. Create a new site

You can create a new site using the [Statamic CLI Tool](https://github.com/statamic/cli):

```
statamic new awesome-ecom-site doublethreedigital/sc-starter-kit
```

### 2. Make a new user

The above installers should prompt you to make a user, but you can also run `php please make:user`. You'll want it to be a `super` so you have access to everything.

### 3. Recompile the CSS (optional)

The [TailwindCSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) included in this kit is compiled with [PurgeCSS](https://purgecss.com/) to reduce filesize on any unused classes and selectors. If you want to modify anything, just recompile it.

```
npm i && npm run dev
```

To compile for production again:

```
npm run production
```

### 4. Do your thing!

If you're using [Laravel Valet](https://laravel.com/docs/valet) (or similar), your site should be available at `http://awesome-ecom-site.test`. You can access the control panel at `http://awesome-ecom-site.test/cp` and login with your new user. Open up the source code, follow along with the [Statamic 3](https://statamic.dev), /[Simple Commerce](https://sc-docs.doublethree.digital) documentation and enjoy!

## Build Process

This starter kit uses [Laravel Mix](https://laravel.com/docs/master/mix) to build & compile assets. Out of the box, it ships with one stylesheet and one JavaScript file.

* `resources/css/site.css` -> `public/css/site.css`
* `resources/js/site.js` -> `public/js/site.js`

There's also a few commands you can run to compile your assets for various environments.

* `npm run dev` - to compile your assets locally
* `npm run watch` - to compile your assets locally and start a watcher looking out for file changes
* `npm run production` - to compile and minify your assets, ready for production

You can of course customise this setup however you want.

---

For more information on using Simple Commerce, you can review the [Simple Commerce documentation](https://sc-docs.doublethree.digital).
